We're showing the ultimate Reddit
marketing strategy for B2B and SAS
companies. I'm joined by Alina Bonco,
who's a Reddit expert as well as a
fractional product marketer. We're
diving deep into which B2B or SAS
companies should think about taking
Reddit seriously, an exact playbook for
how you can get started, join in on
subreddits, build a community, actually
drive sales pipeline, and much, much
more. We're going to do a complete A to
Zed of what you should do, what you
should avoid, and everything in between.
So, if you're ready to get stuck into
Reddit for your B2B company, let's dive
in. Hey, Lena, welcome to the show. How
are we doing?
>> Hi, Sam. Thank you so much for inviting
me. I'm good. How are you?
>> Doing well. Excited to dive in. Please,
can you give everyone a quick
introduction to yourself and what you
do?
>> I'm a product marketer. I'm a fractional
product marketer and advisor. I work
with B2B tech startups. Traditionally, I
help them with launches, product
marketing, website messaging, and
LinkedIn, but I started helping with
Reddit, too.
>> Awesome. Well, I'm super excited to dive
in for a number of reasons. One, because
I'm an absolute Reddit noob and look
excited to learn from someone who's an
expert like yourself. Two, because
nearly all my clients are asking me
like, "Sam, how do we get found on
Reddit? Like, what's a Reddit strategy?
How can we actually start getting
visibility there?" and three because
Reddit's showing up like crazy right now
in Google organic LLMs like chat GBT. So
really excited to dig into all the ins
and outs of what B2B service tech
companies can do to start gaining
exposure, visibility and what the the
yeses and the nos are when it comes to
Reddit marketing. So let's dive straight
in. And first and foremost, I'd like to
know is Reddit is it worth the time,
investment and resource for every B2B
company, whether they're tech, SAS or
otherwise.
>> It depends on what you are going to do
on Reddit and how you are going to use
it. For example, a lot of companies and
consultants suggest different hacks, but
uh it's not sustainable channel for
hacks. Uh, Reddit hates promotion and
um, you can't manipulate votes. You
can't create a lot of accounts and
engage with each other. But a lot of
companies do this and they are even
proud of this and they post on LinkedIn
about this. But I think it's the wrong
way to use Reddit. There are countless
ways how you can use Reddit sustainably
and you can grow on Reddit. who should
invest in Reddit and mostly when I
started it was I think B2B productled
growth companies. So if you if you need
sales it's more difficult but there are
difficult different ways how companies
use Reddit and if we are talking for
example of reputation management all
companies can do this because um uh your
current clients customers can go on
Reddit and complain and I saw use cases
when companies managers I saw someone
mention your tool and you can use social
listening tool and you get on a
notification and you can manage this.
You can suggest a solution to their
problem and this client stays with you.
>> Great intro. So, it's funny that that
you say that. So, I've been speaking to
a few B2B SAS companies, prospects,
clients, many of which are still hide
hiding pricing on their website. And
I'll say, well, that's fine. You can
hide pricing on your site, but the
chances are someone's going to search
your brand name pricing either on Google
or an LLM, and it might not pull that
information from your website. It'll
probably pull it from either a
disgruntled Reddit user that said, "I've
tried to find their pricing. They're not
showing it. It actually is like whatever
it is, like several thousand a month or
several bucks a month." And they might
put a not so happy response to that. So,
I'm I'm telling a lot of folks now like
you can either control the narrative and
have it on your website. And that's just
one aspect, right? pricing is just a
small fish in a a huge pond of what we
could discuss or you might see some
disgruntled folks talking about on
Reddit or other platforms and kind of
sharing their experience. So I think
that's a really good good starting
point.
>> Yes. And you can control this because um
I think it's a great way for example how
can you use Reddit? It's social
listening. Everyone can use this because
your customers talk Reddit. They ask
questions and they ask question about
you and I recommend track your brand
name, your category name, maybe your
competitors, use cases, jobs to be done
so you can join these conversations, you
can manage difficult situations, you can
uh suggest potential customers your tool
because some some of subreddits allow
promotions and but you need to disclose
knows who you are. For example, you are
a founder. So, you are biased. If you
are founders, you are biased, but you
can tell I am biased. And that's totally
okay. People react pretty good if you
disclose this. They don't react well
when you hide this
>> and they find out that who you are and
they are angry.
>> Yeah, I'm not surprised. So, we'll dive
into this some more in a second. You
mentioned just now that Reddit tends to
lend itself a bit more to PLG like
productled growth companies. Does that
mean that kind of salesled growth
businesses maybe it's not the best use
of their time or what what are your
thoughts there?
>> H so I'll tell you how can companies use
Reddit is so different companies can use
different ways to use Reddit. For
example, everyone can use Reddit for
research and there are a lot of ways how
you can use it and Reddit launched a lot
of new tools. For example, Reddit Pro.
It's free. I highly recommend it. It's a
lot of analytics and subreddits. Uh,
also it launched Reddit answers. You
can, it's like it search engine and you
can find what Reddit knows about you and
everyone can use this way. I also did
research myself. I asked in niche
communities if you for example need to
create a piece of content and you want
some input from experts or from your
audience you can ask this or if you have
a common question you can ask in a big
subreddit called um ask reddit. I also
use this and I asked why people use
Reddit and uh they gave me like 34
answers is very big subreddit so you can
use this way. Um so next is commenting I
think it's great for B2B productled
companies commenting in niche
subreddits.
uh you can for example if someone asks
the best tool in category you can
suggest your tool and it's a great way
because if they can try it and um based
on my experience and with my clients and
with people I know they got clients
directly from so this way it's for
productled growth companies but for
example as I told you social listening
even salesled companies can use it
because people ask about pricing as you
told people ask reviews specifics about
features use cases so you can also
manage this all
>> awesome so I've heard kind of getting
feedback social listening reputation
management recommending your your
offering your tool your product where
people are actually asking about it are
there any other kind of use cases that
are quite big
>> yes people started uh building their
personal brands If you're a founder, you
can build your personal brand also on
Reddit. One of the great use case is I
started doing it. It's ask me anything
sessions because you can introduce
yourself to Reddit. You can show your uh
expertise. You can tell about your tool
to depends on the subreddit who loves
this, who doesn't. Uh what else? I love
Reddit communities. I help my client
build a community and I love this
because you establish rules. If it's
your own community, you establish rules.
It's pretty difficult to build a
community on Reddit because you need
settings. You need to invite people.
It's pretty difficult at the beginning
when a community is new and tiny. You
need to communicate with people to
invite people to manage difficult
situations. But it's very rewarding
because I can tell you about my client
if we used this Reddit answers when
without a community their company was
already presented on Reddit. But when
you ask the best tools in this category,
Reddit didn't show it because there are
big players. It's the same uh as search
engine optimization. You know, if we
have big players, it's difficult. Sure.
But
one one month and Reddit already shows
it at the top.
>> Wow. Was that was that on Google results
or something else?
>> No, no, no. It was on Reddit uh Reddit
launched a special search AI search.
>> Okay.
>> And I think after this search, I think
that AI charts use information from this
search. M
>> and I also can tell you that from if we
talking about communities that they most
successful we can tell this way posts
ask me anything sessions I can tell you
memes people love memes but
>> you're the meme master Alina anyone
that's not checked out Alina I'm I'm a
noob on Reddit like I say but LinkedIn's
where I spend most of my time but if you
check out Alina's LinkedIn profile she's
got some of the the most unique and
entertaining like memes in the B2B space
are well worth a check.
>> Thank you. But I wanted to to share one
insight. I was very surprised. Real
quick, if you want to start taking LLM
and Google organic visibility seriously
in driving a steady stream of sales
pipeline through organic search and SEO,
why not book a call with me over at
breakingb2.com
where we can share actual tips, ideas,
and a strategy to start making SEO a top
demo, signup, or lead driver for your
B2B company. That's breaking.com
or hit the link in the description
below. Right, back to the episode. the
most shares from the community from all
the posts. It gained a blog post. So,
it's a great distribution channel. So,
it was a Reddit post in the community in
the owned community, but it was like
short posts with a link to a blog post
and it had the most shares. So, it's a
great also distribution channel. The
problem is is that most subreddits don't
allow links or
>> Okay, got it. We'll we'll dive into that
in a second because this is all really
useful stuff, especially for for folks
that are newer to to the Reddit game. Is
there for anyone that's tuned in so far
and thinks that I want to I want to
start taking Reddit seriously for for my
company, my brand. Are there things that
they need to do before? Are there
foundations they need to set up before
they actually start creating accounts
going into subreddits and beyond?
>> Yes. For example, they 100% need to know
basic Reddit rules because it's very
easy to get banned. It's very easy to do
something wrong and they need to do
basics. Uh I created this some kind of
playbook and I'll tell you about it. So
you need to create three tables. One of
the table is called keywords and you
need to mention all list all your
keywords. So your brand name, your
category, market category, your use
cases and your competitors. It's product
marketing work. Um it's connected with
my work. So um I think it's important
and you need to start tracking these
keywords uh using social listening tool
and I can recommend you a free tool free
tool called F5 bot.
>> Great.
>> It's free and the main thing I think to
track your brand name and um your
category name when someone asks uh for
recommendations you can
>> I see
>> join and suggest you too. So you need a
table with all these keywords. Next you
need to list subreddits. I think you
need three types of subreddits. It's
small niche subreddits. You can build
your audience there. You can post maybe
niche posts if if the subreddit allows
this. Next you need big sometimes you
can post in big subreddits but it's
difficult. I have a story when my friend
she's a business owner and she mentioned
her tool not even linked just mentioned
and she get banned
>> permanently. Ouch.
>> Uh from that subreddit. Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Yes. I forgot to tell you about one um
way to use Reddit. It's building in
public subreddits. I discovered Reddit
because of this subreddit. They allow
promotion and it's great for startup
founders. That's how I found out about
Reddit. And um in this subreddit uh
founders, marketers share their stories
about their lessons, what they learned,
what worked, what didn't. And these
subreddits allow promotions and links.
You know, a lot of people on LinkedIn do
building in public and people love this.
>> For sure.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Yeah. For sure.
>> And so you can use Reddit this way too.
So you need the second your table the
second table it's about subreddits you
need to list all subreddits and the
third table it's interesting it's
conversations that already cited by AI
charts and overviews so you need to do
audit and list all the conversations
that are cited in in for example chpt
you know chpt shows um sources And you
need to list all these subreddits and
list all your conversations. And if
conversation is open, some conversations
um on Reddit are closed. If a
conversation is open, you can join this
conversation and mention your tool. And
so chat GPT can mention your tool too.
So I think it's a great way because it's
like if you need to create a new post,
it's difficult. But if you can just
mention your tool, it's easier. It's
like creating a new guest blog blog post
or insert your tool in existing.
>> I like it. I like it. So, we're
basically listing out these I call them
money keywords in SEO, but it almost
sounds like money Reddit keywords. Um,
kind of listing those out and using what
was the name of the tool that you you
recommended for the social listening?
>> F5bot.
>> F5bot. Are we using that from the start?
So, are we put making our list of kind
of Reddit keywords and then are we using
this bot to find the subreddits and then
checking the subreddit rules, making
sure they allow for like brand mentions
and
>> No, just keywords. Just keywords and it
sends uh emails to me when someone
uses it.
>> Got it. And then would you kind of then
make a list of the relevant subreddits
that keep getting pulled up and then
kind of make a note of the rules on each
so you kind of know for as and when you
you act I don't know add comment within
each sub subreddit or is there like a an
etiquette to this?
>> So there are countless ways how can you
use Reddit. So it can be like five
full-time jobs. You need to choose how
you can use it. For example, you can do
only social listening in just comment
and that's all. uh you or you can create
posts in this or niche subreddits or you
can if you don't know what to post you
can just ask question and I know even
how some companies manipulate with this
they ask questions then they return and
then list their tool as a solution but
you just can ask question if is
subreddit allows to add your tool you
can add if it doesn't allow how you can
do this or you can get banned.
>> Got it. And is there what would you say
is for folks like B2B marketers,
founders that are tuning in? What would
you say is the like most straightforward
approach? Is it is it doing that making
that list of the keywords, finding the
relevant subreddit using the tool you've
mentioned, and then kind of starting to
slowly get involved and like comment in
those? Is that is that the the simplest
way to get started or are there other
things that you should do? It's the
simplest way, but if you want to create
a community, you can at the same time
create a community to understand how
everything works because it's difficult.
Reddit has a lot of settings and it's
good how to start. You also should
create your account, but you also can
create three different accounts. A brand
name as a user, for example, breaking
B2B as a user. It's okay. Reddit has now
Reddit pro accounts and you can turn
this account into a business account. So
what um what this means? So you will get
all trends, all analytics. Uh you can
even host ask me anything session as a
user. It's something new. They just
launched it. But I think it's great. So
you business, you are a business, but
you use a username.
You can create a brand name as a
subreddit. So it's a community. It's
your community. And it's I think even if
you are not going to like do create this
community right now, it's good to
register this subreddit right now. So
nobody else takes to own that.
>> Yes, you should own it. And a lot of
people also do the third way. It's user
from company same from B2B and for
example if um you do reputation
management and someone post something
not very um good about your company you
can join and you can manage this and
then also see
that you are from this company.
>> Okay. Are there any considerations we
should take between having like a
personal account and a business account?
>> I don't know. uh because I started uh
this personal account like and I just
turned it into business account. It's
not business. It's pro account but I
think it's called also business account
and I just have more analytics. I just
have more data and I can host ask me
anything sessions from I'm going to do
this. I think it's very interesting uh
from my account. So I don't need
subreddits because a lot of subreddits
um don't allow this and I I can do this.
So I think you can just create just a
profile and turn it into Reddit pro.
>> Understood. Okay. Is there much we need
to know in terms of the the general
strategy? And when I say that, I suppose
to give some context like so at the time
of recording this interview, like
LinkedIn organic reach feels like, at
least to me that the the reach has
dropped a ton in terms of organic posts.
And it feels like actually like one
strategy right now on LinkedIn, it feels
like find folks that are somewhat within
your industry, whether they're
competitors or whether your audience
follows them or your ICP follows them or
they're similar um cross agency
companies, whatever they might be, and
then commenting on their post seems to
get way more reach and impressions than
your post itself. And also like you say
right now as one trend on LinkedIn for
example building public posts are seem
to be performing well when you share
numbers and specifics and like the hook
for example has like a a number of a
revenue number or something like that
they seem to do quite well. Are there
any strategies in terms of that? Not
necessarily trends for Reddit, but how
your approach should be when you go in
to comment on certain subreddits or you
mentioned communities as well that folks
that are new to Reddit should should
consider and I guess that's actually
going to help them get better return for
their time and energy.
>> Uh I think it depends on your goals and
resources and what you want from Reddit.
So if you are going to and you are ready
to invest in community please it's great
way because you you are the owner it's
your own rules and uh a reddit community
can be your best channel because
communities it's great but it's also
difficult to build you constantly get
feedback your usersh can ask directly
your questions but you need to invest in
this for example in content strategy and
you will have problems with community
for example you will have spam and so if
you are going to invest in this I think
it's the best way so if you don't have
resources the best way to use Reddit is
social listening
>> okay
>> you get keywords and you join this
conversations or manage something or you
suggest your tool but if you're you're
ready it's great to create a community
there
>> got
Okay,
>> because it's your rules.
>> Makes sense.
>> And most market I didn't tell you. Most
marketers, how do most B2B marketers use
Reddit? They run ads and they start with
ads, Reddit ads. But I think that it's
not a good strategy because they don't
know Reddit. They don't know what's they
don't know the audience and Reddit hates
self-promotion.
But as I know and especially with Reddit
Pro, they allow you to use your posts as
ads and I think it's also a great way
like LinkedIn allows with sort leads.
>> Sure,
>> you can do this on Reddit.
>> Nice. Are there any other big mistakes
that you see B2B marketers or founders
make on on Reddit? I think that using
different tricks, hugs and even a lot of
agencies use this tricks and hugs. Um I
don't know maybe shortterm it can work
if Reddit would find out about this you
will be banned and it's possible that
all your website
link can be banned from Reddit. I think
it's not good at all. So you will never
can use it. uh Reddit um right now it's
very difficult because Reddit started um
so it removes comments and posts without
any violations and it's bad and uh you
need to manage this or you need karma or
you need
account age so it's 10 days or more and
without this you can't post or reddit
has a very interesting score like credit
score it's um they don't disclose it but
if you have a low score uh Reddit will
remove your posts and comments and it's
not very well so you need yes you need
to secure your account so two-step
verification
mail verification so and post you can't
as I know you can't use VPN because they
try to avoid any manipulation
it happened with me that I started
getting messages you can't Reddit
filters removed your posts and I started
digging why and it was because of the
score but you need to contribute you
need up votes and so everything they
promise that everything will be good
>> got it let let's talk a little bit about
LLM visibility I'm getting asked about
it a lot I'm seeing it a lot when I'm
when I'm doing prompts and searches in
chat GBT as well as Google that Reddit's
pulling up especially like you touched
on earlier if you're looking for I don't
know best X software or best X category
best X tools all that kind of stuff
where you're you've got that kind of
bottom ofunnel search where you're
looking directly for a specific type of
solution tool or even service provider
where folks in our case are comparing
like B2B SAS SEO agencies even works
there quite a lot of the time Reddit
threads will be pulled up you did
mention it in the start when you're
talking about the kind of the keyword
strategy is there anything folks tuning
in should should bear in mind if they
want to get cited more when it comes to
LLM visibility
>> yes they need to do audit what already
cited. And in the third table, it will
be a table where you will list all the
um conversations that already exist on
Reddit and you can not only take them
with them from TajT, you can also use
Google search and at Reddit and you will
have more discussions. Then you also can
use I told you about uh a new Reddit
feature, Reddit answers. So you will
have a list a big list of um already
existing conversations and you can join
and just suggest your tool this AI
charts can quote you sited this
information uh and also building a
community it's also a great way because
you you can control the narrative you
can control the content you post there a
lot of subreddits don't allow this and
your posts can be removed move. But in
your own subreddit, you can control
everything. And also, if you're talking
about visibility,
there are a lot of like advice that uh
you can just ask question. So, you try
to um ask the same question as um your
customer can ask. But of course if uh
subreddit allows promotion and I told
you that a lot of agencies use this
trick. They ask question and they then
they link to their to their clients
tool.
>> Yeah. I was just thinking in my head
just now like that could work if
someone's asking for tool
recommendations or software
recommendations or agency
recommendations that they could do that
or they could even get like a happy
customer to just reply in the thread. Um
I guess that's a bit more ethical if you
get a happy customer and you
>> happy customer. Yes, it's totally and
it's great way both to get customers to
get great reviews and uh being in the
this answers in charts.
>> Nice.
>> It's just a lot of ways how to use
Reddit and I don't recommend to start
with everything just step by step
depends on what your goals.
>> Are you using any tools? Are you doing
it manually when it comes to seeing what
subreddits are cited in LLMs and Google
search or using any tools?
>> No, I did this manually and I frankly I
didn't tell you about a very interesting
Reddit rule. It's called Reddit's um 9
to1 rule. So for every nine useful post,
you can promote one time. H
>> so I don't need a lot of these
discussions because Reddit can't find
that I am a spammer. And you don't need
a lot of these discussions. I think 15
it's enough to be cited. But you need to
post useful comments, useful posts and
then uh like hide this maybe
self-promotion between this post. It's
how Reddit works. You need to be useful
and sometimes self-promote.
>> Got it. It's almost like LinkedIn
posting, right? In that aspect, like if
you're constantly self-promoting your
own post, then no one's going to care.
But if you're actually sharing stuff
that's, I don't know, whether it's a hot
take or a useful idea or a case study or
building in public or problem you've
solved or a how-to explanation or some
unique research or something like that,
and then you I don't know one in 10 10
post you promote something then uh it's
it feels like a slightly similar
etiquette in that that sense.
>> Yes. But it's strict and I don't know
how business owners allow to use
different like this tools or like
manipulations. I would be afraid to do
this because I don't want to be fully
banned from Reddit. And also to start I
didn't tell you that um a user can have
multiple accounts. So for example, if
someone use uses Reddit to post
screenshots to LinkedIn Lunatics, you
can create the second account for your
business and it's totally okay. It's not
okay to engage between these two
accounts. So it's manipulating behavior,
but you can use it's it's totally okay.
You can even use the same email. Reddit
allows this. Okay,
>> I tell you this based on my experience
because when I suggest someone uses
Reddit to use Reddit and or I invited
people to ask me anything sessions and
then no no no no I use it for different
purposes and so it's totally okay to to
create accounts.
>> Got it. I suppose to wrap things up
there's a lot of B2B marketers that will
tune into this. There'll be some B2B
founders if they've tuned in so far and
they think this all sounds great. But
what is I suppose one the the time
investment that either myself or someone
from my team needs to spend
realistically whether that's like X
hours per day or per week to make it a
success kind of following these
strategies that you've outlined. If we
pretend let's let's say we went down the
social listening route as a starting
point. What should be the time
investment realistically and how long
roughly until you can kind of see
something whether that's kind of your
brand consistently mentioned inside LMS
or if you're PLG based like you
discussed like starting to see some
signups come in.
>> If you are going to create a community
you need to invest really a lot. It can
be a full-time job and for some
companies for product companies uh for
companies who are based on communities I
highly recommend this now because it's
cited everywhere
it it's your customers it's your
potential customers so I highly
recommend this but for example my
clients all the team participated and
the founder also it's huge time
investment and you need to figure
everything out. But if you are not going
to invest so much time, you can just do
social listening and it can be even a
couple of times per week. It's totally
it's it's already okay.
>> And could you still see impact of that?
I.e. maybe your your brand being
mentioned in LLMs and perhaps some
signups coming off the back of it even
if you just did a few kind of posts a
week. Yes, but uh I recommend and you
know this from search engine
optimization. You need to invest in
bottom of the funnel this tracking this
keywords like money keywords.
>> Fair enough. Is there anything I should
have asked you Alena that I haven't that
any B2B marketer or founders should know
before they dig into the strategy that
you've shared? I think we discussed a
lot but it can be sometimes difficult
even to decide what to do and they just
need to decide what they want from
Reddit and it's citation or community or
building in public and they just need to
just open it and just observe what works
what works in the industry how the
industry is already presented on Reddit.
because someone asked me should I create
a a niche subreddit like sales or
marketing or should I create a brand
subreddit like breaking B2B and I told
them it's it depends on what how your
industry or your company is already
presented on Reddit or I also read on
LinkedIn I think from someone from
Hopspot that someone else created their
community and they just wrote to them to
commoderate it because they wanted to be
involved. Okay,
>> they wrote to moderators and they said
yes of course and so you need to
understand how Reddit already
what Reddit already thinks about you and
after this you can are you a big company
or you a small company are you a
productled growth company or salesled
growth company do you have resources or
no and based on this you can already
decide what strategies can you use?
>> Got it. So, long story short, kind of it
sounds like start with the end in mind,
what you actually want to get out of
Reddit, whether that's like you say,
whether that's like product feedback or
building community or looking to mention
your brand where relevant or or
something else. And also see what's
already happening around your industry
for similar competitors like see how
they're kind of structuring their Reddit
playbook to give you some some ideas on
what's working, what's not. Awesome. I
really appreciate it. This is going to
be very useful for it's been useful for
me. It's going to be exceptionally
useful for I think a bunch of marketers
cuz I think Reddit especially at the
time of recording is a really really hot
topic purely because it's just getting
so much visibility on Google and LLMs.
Plus, I haven't talked to many B2B
companies that don't like the idea of
building a community and getting more
brand visibility. I feel like we're
moving into the brand era of B2B and the
mind share era of B2B. So, I think this
has been a super useful episode. So,
really really appreciate the time Alina.
Appreciate you sharing all of your
wisdom. And with that, please do tell us
more about how anyone tuning in can
learn more from yourself, connect with
you, and the best way to get in touch.
>> You can connect with me on LinkedIn. I
live there or on Reddit. Uh I've started
building my own community there. Someone
even told that um it's a new channel for
influencer marketing. I'm not sure about
this, but we'll see. So, Reddit,
LinkedIn, on my website.
>> Awesome. Thanks, Lena. We'll link all of
those in the show notes and the
description below. And once again,
really appreciate your time.
>> Thank you so much for inviting me. Thank
you.
>> And there we have it. I hope you found
this Reddit marketing masterass useful.
I know I certainly did. And if you want
to join thousands of B2B legends, enjoy
my weekday newsletter. You're going to
instantly unlock my 90 days to revenue
B2B SEO guide, as well as getting daily
updates on SEO case studies, weird B2B
marketing plays, podcast updates, and
much, much more. Head over to breaking
B2B.com, hit that newsletter tab, and
you can get stuck in. And with that, I
shall catch you on the next one. Cheers.